---
title: 'The Parlor Announce Single, Video, and Film Premiere'
path: /news/theparlor-dream-dive
date: 2019-04-25T19:46:22.514Z
coverImage: /static/assets/trust-still-3.jpg
---
During the recording of last year’s release Kiku, The Parlor wrote a few songs that felt like outliers. Kiku was a tightly wound concept album about the couple’s multiple miscarriages, but “Dream” and “Dive” were both pointing toward the other side of that grief. “Dream” held in it the realization of the couple’s tight bond, a glimpse of a blissful moment in an otherwise dark epoch. “Dive” was the fuck you. The feeling that it’s all too much. It became clear that the band was now free to write their own rules. Maybe they’d change it all up. Become a heavy desert rock band. Or buy motorcycles. Shave their heads and sell everything. Before was before. Now is wideopen. 

Since releasing Kiku in April 2018, The Parlor toured until January 2019, when the band holed up in the studio to score a film. Filmmakers Jeremy Gardner and Christian Stella became friends of the band while making their first film, a successful indie-horror zombie flick called The Battery, that was pieced together on a shoestring budget and ultimately found a worldwide audience. The Parlor’s music was included in The Battery, and has been featured in their films ever since. Gardner and Stella asked The Parlor to lend songs to their new film [Something Else](https://www.tribecafilm.com/filmguide/something-else-2019), and to compose the score. [Something Else ](https://www.tribecafilm.com/filmguide/something-else-2019)premieres at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 26th. 

The band is also announcing [a lush new Cubist music video for the song “Trust,”](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLP76VuFYHI) which is the final song on Kiku, as a means of celebrating that album’s first birthday. The “Trust” video premiered on Week in Pop on April 15th. Week in Pop wrote: "The abstract visual soars above snow covered hills and glaciers as far as the eye can see. Fragmented images of Jen and Eric's face are seen superimposed over kaleidoscopic film edits of the moving icy images. The Parlor's duet lifts off the arpeggio synthesizer sequence like rushing washes of wind and hushed lullabies that sing softly and sweetly straight from the most sublime and guarded sections of the heart. The audio/visual experience makes for an experience like gently floating above the arctic, observing the vast expanses of the polar ice caps while examining the visceral emotional corridors and empty rooms of the soul's interior dwellings."
